You could see it too, right?
Your little friend, Ichigo,
was never gonna pass the test
no matter how hard he tried.
(Renji grunts)
I knew that 'cause I
know the whereabouts
of every Asauchi
I've ever forged.
(Renji gasps)
Every Soul Reaper
is given an Asauchi,
and through continuous training,
we transformed them into
our own personal Zanpakuto.
That's the foundation and the
essence of the relationship
between Soul Reapers
and their Zanpakuto.
That will never change.
It's true not just for every
squad member and captain,
but for us in Squad Zero too.
It's true even for a
stray, self-taught outlaw
like Kenpachi Zaraki.
He gained an Asauchi by
lifting it off the corpse
of a Soul Reaper.
There are no exceptions.
Since the dawn of
the Soul Society,
not a single Soul Reaper
has ever awakened
their own Zanpakuto
without possessing an Asauchi,
an Asauchi forged by me.
Sheeit, it was obvious
from the get-go
that this kind of training
wasn't ever gonna work for him.
It was so obvious, you even
knew it too, right, brother?
The only one who
doesn't get it is him.
That's why I sent him home,
'cause he ain't
never gonna get it,
till he finds out who he is
and where his soul came from.
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
(rain pattering)
I'm back home.
Ichigo, where have
you been, boy?
Seems like forever
since (groans).
He didn't seem very
happy to see me.
(Ichigo panting)
(rain pattering)
What's wrong with you?
Why are you being
so melodramatic?
You show up at my
door, out of the blue,
acting like it's the
end of the world.
Like you're some school girl
who had a fight
with her parents.
Sorry.
(water pattering)
I got kicked out without even
getting my Zanpakuto fixed.
How can I face
anybody after that?
(valve squeaks)
Ms. Ikumi, thanks.
(air whooshing)
(grunts) Ow, it's hot!
Shut up, just eat it.
(rain pattering)
I'm sorry, Ms. Ikumi, for
barging in on you like this,
after not showing up for work.
(hands thuds)
-(head thuds)
-(Ichigo grunts)
You should apologize,
Ichigo, you're right,
but not for that,
you stupid idiot!
From the day I hired you,
haven't I always been like
an older sister to you?
You can come to
me about anything.
I can't believe you
don't know that by now.
I'm sorry.
(doorbell ringing)
Yeah, hold on, I'm coming!
(Ichigo chuckles)
(rain pattering)
Huh, what the hell?
(Ichigo gasps)
(rain pattering)
Must have been
some kind of prank.
Well, anyway, thanks.
I'm eh, I'm heading home.
[Ikumi] Hmm?
[Ichigo] Don't
worry, I'm okay now.
Wait a second!
(door thuds)
(Ikumi sighs)
Hmm?
Ichigo, you left your...
(rain pattering)
Well, I guess it can
wait till tomorrow.
(rain pattering)
The fact that you came
for me wearing that outfit
means you know, don't you?
Urahara told me what
happened in the Soul Society,
that your Zanpakuto was broken,
and that Squad
Zero came for you.
They've kicked you
out, haven't they?
(dramatic music)
Well, I think I can see why.
There's no way you could
fix your broken Bankai,
not in your current state.
After all, you don't know the
first thing about yourself,
or where you came from.
-(air whooshes)
-(dramatic music)
(Ichigo grunts)
(Ichigo gasping)
(dramatic violin music)
Remember how you once
said that I could wait
till I felt the time was right
to tell you the whole story?
(dramatic violin music)
I think that time is now.
Listen carefully, you're
not a Soul Reaper,
but you're not an
ordinary human either.
There's something
you need to know
about your mother, Ichigo.
-(dramatic violin music)
-(rain pattering)
(Masaki panting)
My name's Masaki Kurosaki.
I'm a Quincy.
(dramatic violin music)
Captain, where are you?
(leaves rustling)
(Rangiku gasps)
Captain?
Found you!
My, what a big acorn!
[Isshin] (groan) I think I
broke my beautiful pelvis!
I'll have to take the rest
of the day off (coughing)!
Oh, you didn't break anything.
Come on, let's go.
I'm going to make sure
you do your job, Captain Shiba.
Here, sir, I've finished them.
See, that's why
I'm betting on you
to be the next squad
captain, Toshiro!
Whoa, based on rank,
I'm next in line for
the captaincy, not him!
Rangiku, if someone like
you ever became captain,
your whole squad
would end up broke,
sitting in a bar somewhere.
I quite agree.
Besides, my training's
coming along well.
I'd make a fine captain.
Shut up, Toshiro!
You're such a suck-up!
It's so annoying!
(laughs) You kids play nice now.
Hold on, what happened to
the manju I left in here?
(gulps) Oh, by the way, Captain,
there's one report here that,
uh, caught my attention.
Wait, we'll deal with
that in a minute.
First I want to
know what happened
to the manju I put in here
that I was really looking
forward to eating.
Will you shut up, sir?
No one cares about your
stupid manju.
(burps) It was
delicious, by the way.
[Isshin] So it was
you! I knew it!
That's gross insubordination!
And forget what I said
about you making captain, I-
Sir, do you remember
the incident report
from two months ago?
Huh?
It came to us from a
city called Naruki.
One of the Soul Reapers
stationed there
died in an accident.
Yeah, that does ring a bell.
They're still
investigating it, right?
[Toshiro] Correct,
now take a look
at last month's incident report.
Huh?
[Toshiro] Two more
Soul Reapers died.
Captain, wait,
where are you going?
[Isshin] To Naruki, I'm leaving
you guys in charge here!
Wait, you're going
off all by yourself?
Yep, I shouldn't be more
than a couple of days.
Try not to burn the
place down, all right?
But, sir, shouldn't we report
this to the Head Captain?
(groans) We'd
better go with him!
No, we'd better not.
(grunts) Why the hell not??
The Captain wanted to go alone,
because he figures it
could be dangerous.
Of course it could be dangerous!
That's exactly why we should--
That's exactly why we should
stay here like he says.
We're not strong enough
yet to do anything else.
We wouldn't be any help to him.
We'd just get in his way.
(dramatic music)
[Sosuke] Any progress?
No, can't say that
there has been really.
We've been successful in
equipping some Hollows
with the ability to Hollowfy
a target, but unfortunately,
none of them has survived
the process so far.
I see, no matter.
We're narrowing
in on the location
of Shinji Hirako and the others.
We'll continue the
Hollowfication experiments
while we smoke them out,
killing two birds
with one stone.
Take your time, Gin, Kaname.
Everything is working
out just fine.
[Soul Reaper] Kinda
looks like it might rain.
That's just what I don't like.
If you remember,
it was raining when
the last guy died,
and the one before that.
Oh yeah, thanks a lot
for bringing that up.
[Isshin] Ah, so it's on
rainy days it happens, huh?
Good to know.
Oh, Captain Shiba,
what a surprise!
What're you doing here?
Who me, I was looking for
a bathroom and I got lost.
Sir, you're a terrible liar.
Look, men, if it does rain
tonight, you can go on home.
(Soul Reapers grunt)
Never could pee
with an audience.
(dramatic music)
[Izumi] How is school
coming along, Masaki?
Hmm, oh, were you talking to me?
Sorry, Aunt Izumi.
Well, I go in every day
and I'm always on time.
[Izumi] I see, and how
about your Seiren training?
Ah, ah, ah, my Seiren training.
Well, it's going so-so, I guess.
(hand thuds)
Just so-so, that's all?
Yes, I'm sorry!
I don't think you really
understand your situation.
You're the only surviving
member of the Kurosaki family
without parents or
siblings of any kind!
It's only because
you're a fellow Quincy
that we even took you in!
Mother!
(Izumi grunts)
That's quite enough.
I could hear you all
the way down the hall.
(Izumi grunts)
[Izumi] I'll be in my room.
Where's Father?
[Izumi] At the Funfte Feld.
Don't ask me when he'll be back.
He never tells me.
(door thuds)
Masaki.
[Masaki] Hmm?
I'm sorry, I hope you'll
forgive my mother.
She's taking her
loneliness out on you.
(chuckle) Oh, don't
be silly, Ryu.
There's nothing to forgive!
I totally understand!
(Ryuken groans)
Thanks for the meal!
Oh, be careful of the shrimp
casserole, it's addictive.
(chuckles) See you later!
Katagiri?
Oh, yes, what is
it, Master Ryuken?
It's about Masaki.
I think she's aware
of the real reason
she was brought
into our household.
She knows it's because
Mother wants to ensure
the Echt Quincy bloodline
of the Ishida family.
[Katagiri] How does she know?
Did your mother tell her?
Do you really think
she needed to be told?
She's not the ditz she seems.
Makes you wonder.
Could she be happy
marrying me, do you think?
[Katagiri] Hmm, that's so like
you to think that happiness
is necessary for a marriage
between Quincies, Master Ryuken.
Huh?
You're so kind.
Even putting aside
your other attributes,
your kindness alone
will be enough
to make her happy, I'm sure.
Don't be ridiculous.
Kindness has nothing
to do with it.
I only care about her happiness,
because without it
it'll be difficult,
if not impossible,
to secure our future.
And I don't mean hers and mine.
I mean the future
of the Quincies.
(water dripping)
(rain pattering)
Man, it's coming down.
Maybe it's not Soul Reapers
that are being targeted,
but their high
Spiritual Pressure.
Let me try baiting the trap.
(thunderous explosion)
Amazing, check it out!
Now, that is what you
call Spiritual Pressure!
(Soul Reaper screams)
Damn it, I guess it's not about
Spiritual Pressure, after all!
(thunderous explosion)
(Isshin gasps)
(dramatic music)
A black Hollow?
(Hollow growls)
(Isshin gasps)
(Hollow growls and roars)
Yeah, even if its
whole body is black,
and the hole in its
chest is covered up,
going off its
Spiritual Pressure,
that is definitely a Hollow.
(dramatic music)
[Masaki] (gasps)
I sense a massive
Spiritual Pressure on the move,
a Hollow's and someone else's!
(door thuds)
(Masaki panting)
Masaki, stop,
how many times do I
have to remind you?
We Quincies only head out after
the Soul Reapers are dead.
Even then, by long tradition,
we let Gemischts like Katagiri
do the actual fighting.
Remember your position
and who you are.
You need to take good
care of yourself.
Echt Quincies like
us are too valuable
to risk our necks so hastily.
I know that, but still!
(air whooshing)
[Isshin] This thing
acts like a Hollow,
but fights like a Soul Reaper.
This isn't gonna be easy!
(air whooshing)
Captain Shiba, what're
you doing here, sir?
You're out of your jurisdiction!
(air whooshing)
Look out!
(thunderous explosion)
(Ryuken and Masaki gasp)
Ryu, before you take any action,
you always think about how
it might affect Aunt Izumi,
the Quincies, the future,
and so many other things,
and I admire you for
that, I really do.
But I'm sorry, to me,
taking good care of myself
means following my heart,
and doing whatever I
can whenever I can.
If I were to hold back
and allow my position
to prevent me from saving
a life when I could have,
I know my future self
would never forgive me.
(Ryuken sighs)
(dramatic music)
-(Masaki gasping)
-(footsteps thudding)
(dramatic music)
[Ryuken] Katagiri,
we're heading out.
(dramatic music)
What the hell was that?
A Cero, this thing's
fighting like a Menos now.
With every Soul
Reaper it devours,
it's getting
stronger and smarter!
(dramatic music)
Hey, there's no way
a monster like you
could go on a rampage in
the World of the Living,
and not get noticed
by the Soul Society!
So who sent you?
Right, as if you'd tell me.
Burn, Engetsu!
(dramatic music)
What?
(thunderous explosion)
(dramatic music)
That slash in the back
was done with a Zanpakuto
by a Soul Reaper!
So it's a traitor behind
all of this, White!
[Sosuke Voiceover]
Ironic, isn't it?
He's encased in black armor,
yet he's called White.
That's because of the
whiteness within him.
(dramatic music)
It'll take more than what
you've got to get rid of me,
you piece of shit (grunting)!
(yelling)
(thunderous explosion)
(Masaki gasps)
(dramatic music)
(thunderous explosion)
You can still fight even
after losing an arm, huh?
Color me impressed!
(White roars)
(gasp) Oh, no!
(air whooshing)
(Isshin gasps)
(dramatic music)
What the hell?
Who is that?
A Quincy!
This wasn't part of the plan.
I'll deal with her.
No, wait, let's see
how this plays out.
Leave her alone (gasps)!
(dramatic music)
[Masaki Voiceover] It's
quick, all right then.
You idiot, what're you doing?
(dramatic music)
-(White roaring)
-(dramatic music)
Good boy, now, stay
right where you are.
(thunderous explosion)
(dramatic music)
Are you all right?
Ow, yeah,
hey, thanks for saving my neck.
No, you're the one who saved me.
Protecting me is what
got you hurt so badly.
(laughs) You're right, I
hadn't even thought of that.
Well, let's call it
even, then, okay?
Hold still, I'm
going to heal you.
Sure, man, you took out that
monster all by yourself.
Who are you, anyway?
Do I dare tell him?
After all, he's a Soul Reaper.
What will he do if he
finds out I'm a Quincy?
(rain pattering)
My name's Masaki Kurosaki.
I'm a Quincy.
(rain pattering)
(Isshin groans)
(Masaki sighs)
No kidding, so
you're a Quincy, huh?
You're the first real Quincy
I've ever laid eyes on, wow!
I mean I've heard
a lot about 'em,
but I never thought I'd actually
be lucky enough
to meet one!
(laughing)
[Masaki Voiceover] Is something
wrong with this person?
This isn't what I
was expecting at all.
(melancholy music)
I wonder if all the other
Soul Reapers are like this.
(melancholy music)
(giggles) I hope they are.
Then maybe Ryu, Aunt Izumi,
all of us can work
towards a better future.
(melancholy music)
It's time to go,
Katagiri, Masaki's safe.
There is nothing to
report here, understood?
(melancholy music)
[Katagiri] As you
wish, Master Ryuken.
The fact that he
self-destructed means
not only did he surpass the
targeted Hollowfication phase,
he reached the final
metastasizing phase!
But why did he have to
pass it on to a Quincy?
What a waste of time and effort!
Not at all.
There are times when straying
from the initial goal
can result in a superior
outcome, it's intriguing.
A Hollow created from
a dead Soul Reaper
decides to target a
Quincy of all things,
the polar opposite of himself.
Personally, I can't wait
to see what happens next.
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
(rain pattering)
[Isshin Voiceover]
Even with your sins,
you are like the sun.
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)